README.md, before:

# RSMS (Remote System Management Service)

A simple rest api service to handle system services remotely.<br>
**Please use with care, as you system becomes vulnerable if an unwanted person gets access to this api!**

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Configuration

The default settings can be found in the `app.config.ts` file.<br>
If you want to override any of these settings, you can create the `.env` file and override the setting here.

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Implemented services

### <ins>Windows</ins>

- system shutdown
- system restart
- system sleep (attention: hibernate by default, unless you disable it by running `powercfg /hibernate off` with administrative rights on your system)

### <ins>Linux</ins>

- system shutdown
- system restart
- system sleep

### <ins>Custom</ins>

The custom command api has been disabled by default to prevent you from destroying your system.<br>
If you know what you are doing, and you accept the security risk, you can enable it by setting the `ENABLE_CUSTOM_COMMAND=true` property in the `.env` file.<br>
Be aware that as of now, every command can be executed on your system via the api!<br>

## License

RSMS (Remote System Management Service) is [MIT licensed](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Add option to use sysinternals on windows

README.md, after:

# RSMS (Remote System Management Service)

A simple rest api service to handle system services remotely.<br>
**Please use with care, as you system becomes vulnerable if an unwanted person gets access to this api!**

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Configuration

The default settings can be found in the `app.config.ts` file.<br>
If you want to override any of these settings, you can create the `.env` file and override the setting here.

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Implemented services

### <ins>Windows</ins>

- system shutdown
- system restart
- system sleep (attention: hibernate by default, unless you disable it by running `powercfg /hibernate off` with administrative rights on your system)

Be aware that the system sleep does not always work as expected because of the command is not always intented to be used like this.<br>
If you download the Microsoft sysinternals utilities (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/sysinternals/downloads/) you can use these instead for proper system power options.<br>
Once downloaded and added to your system path enviroment variable, you can enable it by setting the `WIN32_SYSINTERNALS_ENABLED=true` property in the `.env` file.<br>

### <ins>Linux</ins>

- system shutdown
- system restart
- system sleep

### <ins>Custom</ins>

The custom command api has been disabled by default to prevent you from destroying your system.<br>
If you know what you are doing, and you accept the security risk, you can enable it by setting the `CUSTOM_COMMAND_ENABLED=true` property in the `.env` file.<br>
Be aware that as of now, every command can be executed on your system via the api!<br>

## License

RSMS (Remote System Management Service) is [MIT licensed](LICENSE.md).
